@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.5 2011/01/13 10:22:54 dcoppa Exp $
%%SHARED%%
%%native%%
@comment lib/ocaml/
@comment lib/ocaml/site-lib/
lib/ocaml/camlimages/
lib/ocaml/camlimages/META
lib/ocaml/camlimages/bitmap.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/bitmap.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/blend.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/blend.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/bmp.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/bmp.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_all.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_core.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_freetype.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_gif.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_graphics.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_jpeg.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_png.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_ps.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_supported.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_tiff.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/camlimages_xpm.cma
lib/ocaml/camlimages/cmyk32.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/cmyk32.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/color.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/color.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/colorhist.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/colorhist.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/freetype.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/freetype.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ftlow.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ftlow.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/fttext.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/fttext.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/genimage.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/genimage.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/geometry.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/geometry.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/gif.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/gif.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/graphic_image.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/graphic_image.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/image_intf.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/image_intf.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/imagegdk.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/images.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/images.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/index16.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/index16.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/index8.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/index8.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/info.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/info.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/jis_table.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/jis_unicode.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/jis_unicode.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/jpeg.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/jpeg.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_all.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_freetype.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_gif.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_jpeg.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_png.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_supported.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_tiff.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/libcamlimages_xpm.a
lib/ocaml/camlimages/mstring.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/mstring.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oBmp.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oColor.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oColor.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oFreetype.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oGif.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oGraphic.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oImages.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oImages.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oJpeg.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oJpeg.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oPng.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oPng.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oPpm.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oPs.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oTiff.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oXimage.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oXpm.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oXvthumb.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/oXvthumb.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/png.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/png.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ppm.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ppm.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ps.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ps.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/reduce.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/reduce.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/region.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/region.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/rgb24.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/rgb24.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/rgba32.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/rgba32.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/tiff.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/tiff.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/tmpfile.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/tmpfile.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/units.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/ximage.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/xpm.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/xpm.mli
lib/ocaml/camlimages/xvthumb.cmi
lib/ocaml/camlimages/xvthumb.mli
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_all.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_freetype.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_gif.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_jpeg.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_png.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_supported.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_tiff.so.owner
@comment lib/ocaml/stublibs/dllcamlimages_xpm.so.owner
share/examples/camlimages/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/README.txt
share/examples/camlimages/converter/
share/examples/camlimages/converter-external/
share/examples/camlimages/converter-external/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/converter-external/OMakeroot
share/examples/camlimages/converter-external/converter.ml
@comment share/examples/camlimages/converter/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/converter/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/converter/converter
share/examples/camlimages/converter/converter.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/converter/converter.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/converter/converter.ml
share/examples/camlimages/converter/converter.run
share/examples/camlimages/crop/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/crop/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/crop/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/crop/README
share/examples/camlimages/crop/crop
share/examples/camlimages/crop/crop.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/crop/crop.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/crop/crop.ml
share/examples/camlimages/crop/crop.run
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/README
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/edge
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/edge.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/edge.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/edge.ml
share/examples/camlimages/edgedetect/edge.run
share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/.cvsignore
@comment share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/.depend
share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/README
share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/gifanim.ml
share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/guienv.ml
share/examples/camlimages/gifanim/usleep.ml
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/README
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/imgstat
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/imgstat.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/imgstat.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/imgstat.ml
share/examples/camlimages/imgstat/imgstat.run
share/examples/camlimages/liv/
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/.cvsignore
@comment share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/.depend
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/BulletHole.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/File.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/FileUnknown.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/FilesLink.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/Folder.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/FolderLink.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/Monalisa.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/README
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/cache.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/cache.mli
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/deficon.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/display.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/edge.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/enhance.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/faceanm.gif
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/gui.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/icon.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/iconcap
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/iconcap.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/jWidget.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/jpf.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/liv
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/liv-jpf.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/liv-org.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/liv.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/livdemo.jpg
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/livmisc.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/livsh.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/livshtype.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/livshtype.mli
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/mylazy.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/mylazy.mli
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/pathfind.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/scandir.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/seq.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/sound.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/tout.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv-furuse/viewer.ml
@comment share/examples/camlimages/liv/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/liv/BulletHole.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/File.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/FileUnknown.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/FilesLink.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/Folder.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/FolderLink.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/Monalisa.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/liv/README
share/examples/camlimages/liv/cache.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/cache.mli
share/examples/camlimages/liv/deficon.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/display.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/edge.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/enhance.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/faceanm.gif
share/examples/camlimages/liv/gui.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/icon.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/iconcap
share/examples/camlimages/liv/iconcap.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/jWidget.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/jpf.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/liv.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/livdemo.jpg
share/examples/camlimages/liv/livmisc.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/livsh.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/livshtype.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/livshtype.mli
share/examples/camlimages/liv/mylazy.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/mylazy.mli
share/examples/camlimages/liv/pathfind.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/scandir.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/seq.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/sound.xpm
share/examples/camlimages/liv/tout.ml
share/examples/camlimages/liv/viewer.ml
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/monochrome
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/monochrome.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/monochrome.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/monochrome.ml
share/examples/camlimages/monochrome/monochrome.run
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/normalize/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/normalize
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/normalize.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/normalize.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/normalize.ml
share/examples/camlimages/normalize/normalize.run
share/examples/camlimages/resize/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/resize/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/resize/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/resize/README
share/examples/camlimages/resize/resize
share/examples/camlimages/resize/resize.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/resize/resize.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/resize/resize.ml
share/examples/camlimages/resize/resize.run
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/README
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/tiffps
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/tiffps.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/tiffps.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/tiffps.ml
share/examples/camlimages/tiffps/tiffps.run
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/
@comment share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/.cvsignore
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/OMakefile
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/ttfimg
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/ttfimg.cmi
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/ttfimg.cmo
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/ttfimg.ml
share/examples/camlimages/ttfimg/ttfimg.run
