@comment $OpenBSD$
@bin bin/endless-sky
@man man/man6/endless-sky.6.gz
share/applications/endless-sky.desktop
share/endless-sky/
share/endless-sky/credits.txt
share/endless-sky/data/
share/endless-sky/data/alien effects.txt
share/endless-sky/data/alien outfits.txt
share/endless-sky/data/alien ships.txt
share/endless-sky/data/boarding missions.txt
share/endless-sky/data/commodities.txt
share/endless-sky/data/conversations.txt
share/endless-sky/data/effects.txt
share/endless-sky/data/engines.txt
share/endless-sky/data/events.txt
share/endless-sky/data/fleets.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds checkmate.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds epilogue.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds intro.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds middle.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds reconciliation.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds side plots.txt
share/endless-sky/data/free worlds start.txt
share/endless-sky/data/governments.txt
share/endless-sky/data/hai missions.txt
share/endless-sky/data/hai.txt
share/endless-sky/data/hails.txt
share/endless-sky/data/interfaces.txt
share/endless-sky/data/intro missions.txt
share/endless-sky/data/jobs.txt
share/endless-sky/data/kestrel.txt
share/endless-sky/data/korath missions.txt
share/endless-sky/data/map.txt
share/endless-sky/data/names.txt
share/endless-sky/data/outfits.txt
share/endless-sky/data/persons.txt
share/endless-sky/data/power.txt
share/endless-sky/data/pug.txt
share/endless-sky/data/quarg missions.txt
share/endless-sky/data/sales.txt
share/endless-sky/data/ships.txt
share/endless-sky/data/start.txt
share/endless-sky/data/transport missions.txt
share/endless-sky/data/variants.txt
share/endless-sky/data/weapons.txt
share/endless-sky/images/
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/compass.png
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/forest2.png
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/g0.png
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/oberon.png
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/side panel.png
share/endless-sky/images/_menu/title.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-00.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-01.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-02.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-03.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-04.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-05.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-06.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-07.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-08.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-09.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-10.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-11.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-12.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-13.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-14.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-15.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-16.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-17.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-18.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-19.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-20.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-21.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-22.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-23.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-24.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-25.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-26.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-27.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-28.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-29.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-30.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-31.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-32.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-33.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-34.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-35.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-36.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-37.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-38.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-39.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-40.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-41.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-42.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-43.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-44.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-45.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-46.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-47.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-48.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-49.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-50.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-51.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-52.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big metal/spin-53.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-00.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-01.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-02.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-03.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-04.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-05.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-06.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-07.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-08.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-09.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-10.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-11.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-12.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-13.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-14.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-15.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-16.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-17.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-18.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-19.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-20.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-21.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-22.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-23.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-24.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-25.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-26.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-27.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-28.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-29.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-30.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-31.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-32.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-33.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-34.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-35.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-36.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-37.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-38.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-39.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-40.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-41.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-42.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-43.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-44.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-45.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-46.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-47.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-48.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-49.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-50.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-51.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-52.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-53.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-54.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-55.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-56.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-57.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-58.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/big rock/spin-59.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-00.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-01.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-02.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-03.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-04.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-05.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-06.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-07.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-08.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-09.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-10.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-11.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-12.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-13.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-14.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-15.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-16.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-17.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-18.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-19.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-20.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-21.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-22.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-23.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-24.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-25.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-26.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-27.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-28.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-29.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-30.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-31.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-32.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-33.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-34.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-35.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-36.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-37.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-38.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-39.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-40.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-41.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-42.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-43.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-44.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-45.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-46.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium metal/spin-47.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-00.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-01.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-02.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-03.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-04.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-05.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-06.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-07.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-08.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-09.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-10.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-11.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-12.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-13.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-14.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-15.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-16.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-17.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-18.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-19.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-20.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-21.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-22.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-23.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-24.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-25.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-26.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-27.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-28.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-29.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-30.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-31.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-32.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-33.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-34.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-35.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-36.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-37.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-38.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-39.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-40.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-41.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-42.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-43.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-44.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-45.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-46.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-47.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-48.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-49.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-50.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-51.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-52.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-53.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-54.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-55.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/medium rock/spin-56.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-00.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-01.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-02.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-03.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-04.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-05.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-06.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-07.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-08.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-09.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-10.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-11.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-12.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-13.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-14.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-15.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-16.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-17.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-18.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-19.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-20.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-21.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-22.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-23.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-24.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-25.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-26.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-27.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-28.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-29.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-30.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-31.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-32.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-33.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-34.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-35.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-36.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-37.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-38.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-39.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-40.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small metal/spin-41.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-00.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-01.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-02.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-03.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-04.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-05.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-06.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-07.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-08.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-09.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-10.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-11.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-12.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-13.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-14.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-15.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-16.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-17.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-18.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-19.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-20.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-21.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-22.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-23.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-24.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-25.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-26.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-27.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-28.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-29.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-30.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-31.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-32.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-33.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-34.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-35.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-36.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-37.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-38.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-39.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-40.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-41.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-42.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-43.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-44.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-45.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-46.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-47.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-48.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-49.png
share/endless-sky/images/asteroid/small rock/spin-50.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/
share/endless-sky/images/effect/afterburner+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/afterburner+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/afterburner+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/afterburner+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/afterburner+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/huge+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/huge+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/large+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/large+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/medium+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/medium+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/small+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/small+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/tiny+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/atomic flare/tiny+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/banisher impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/banisher impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/banisher impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/banisher impact+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/banisher impact+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/blaster impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/blaster impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/blaster impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/blaster impact+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/electron impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/electron impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/electron impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/big~8.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~8.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/huge~9.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/medium~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/nuke+7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/small~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/tiny~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/tiny~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/tiny~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/tiny~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/tiny~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/explosion/tiny~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/fire-lance impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/fire-lance impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/fire-lance impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/fire-lance impact+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/grab-strike impact~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/grab-strike impact~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/grab-strike impact~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/grab-strike impact~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/grab-strike impact~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/heavy laser impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/heavy laser impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/heavy laser impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/big+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/big+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/huge+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/huge+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/medium+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/medium+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/small+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/small+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/tiny+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion flare/tiny+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion impact~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion impact~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion impact~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion impact~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ion impact~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ionic afterburner+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ionic afterburner+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ionic afterburner+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ionic afterburner+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ionic afterburner+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/ionic afterburner+5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/jump drive+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/jump drive+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/large anti missile~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/large anti missile~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/laser impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/laser impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/laser impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/medium graviton flare+.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/meteor fire~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/meteor fire~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/meteor fire~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/meteor fire~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/meteor fire~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/meteor fire~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/missile death~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/missile death~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/missile death~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/missile death~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/particle impact+7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma explosion~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/big+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/big+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/big+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/huge+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/medium+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/small+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/small+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/small+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/plasma flare/tiny+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/proton impact+7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/puff~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/puff~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/puff~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/puff~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/pulse impact~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/pulse impact~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/pulse impact~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/pulse impact~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/quarg anti missile+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/quarg anti missile+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/seeker impact~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/seeker impact~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/seeker impact~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/seeker impact~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/seeker impact~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/seeker impact~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/sidewinder fire~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/sidewinder fire~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/sidewinder fire~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/sidewinder fire~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/sidewinder fire~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/skylance impact+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/skylance impact+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/small anti missile~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/small anti missile~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/smoke~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/spark~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/spark~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/spark~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/spark~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/spark~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/torpedo fire+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/torpedo fire+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/torpedo fire+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker cloud+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker cloud+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker cloud+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker cloud+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker cloud+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker fire+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker fire+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker fire+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker fire+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker fire+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker impact~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker impact~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker impact~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker impact~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker impact~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/tracker impact~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/typhoon fire+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/typhoon fire+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/typhoon fire+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/warder~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/effect/warder~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/font/
share/endless-sky/images/font/ubuntu14r.png
share/endless-sky/images/font/ubuntu18r.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/
share/endless-sky/images/icon/flamethrower.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/javelin.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/meteor.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/nuke.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/rocket.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/sidewinder.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/torpedo.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/tracker.png
share/endless-sky/images/icon/typhoon.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/
share/endless-sky/images/label/core+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/deep+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/dirt belt+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/earth+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/north+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/paradise+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/rim+.png
share/endless-sky/images/label/south+.png
share/endless-sky/images/land/
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/badlands6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/beach6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/bwerner8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/canyon9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city10.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city11.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city12.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/city9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/desert7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dmottl0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dmottl1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dmottl2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dmottl3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dmottl4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dmottl5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dune0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dune1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dune2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dune3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dune4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/dune5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/earthrise.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fields9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/fog7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/forest0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/forest1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/forest2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/forest3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/forest4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/forest5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/hills0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/hills1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/hills2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/hills3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/hills4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/lava6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/loc0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/loc1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/loc2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mfield0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mfield1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mfield2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mfield3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mfield4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mfield5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/mountain9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/myrabella8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/nasa7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sea9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/sky9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/snow9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/space7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/station0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/station1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/station2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/station3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/station4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/valley9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/land/water9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/afterburner.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/anti-missile.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/blaster turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/blaster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/blue screwdriver.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/breeder.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/bunk room.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/cargo scanner.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/catalytic ramscoop.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/cooling ducts.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/core.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/dwarf core.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/electron beam.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/electron turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/fission.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/flamethrower.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/fragmentation grenades.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/fuel pod.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/fusion.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/hai tracker pod.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/hai tracker.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/heavy anti-missile.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/heavy laser turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/heavy laser.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge atomic steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge atomic thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge battery.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge fuel cell.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge ion steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge ion thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge plasma steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge plasma thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/huge shield.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/hyperdrive.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/interference plating.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/ion cannon.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/ionic afterburner.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/javelin pod.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/javelin.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/jump drive.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large atomic steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large atomic thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large battery.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large fuel cell.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large ion steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large ion thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large plasma steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large plasma thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large regenerator.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/large shield.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/laser rifle.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/laser turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/laser.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/license.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/liquid helium.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/liquid nitrogen.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/map.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium atomic steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium atomic thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium battery.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium fuel cell.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium ion steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium ion thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium plasma steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium plasma thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/medium shield.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/meteor launcher.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/meteor.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/mod blaster turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/mod blaster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/nerve gas.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/nuke.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/outfit scanner.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/particle cannon.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/plasma cannon.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/plasma turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/proton gun.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/pulse cannon.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/pulse turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/quad blaster turret.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/ramscoop.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/red screwdriver.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/reverse thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/rocket launcher.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/rocket.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/security station.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/sidewinder launcher.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/sidewinder.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small atomic steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small atomic thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small battery.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small bunk room.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small fuel cell.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small ion steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small ion thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small nucleovoltaic.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small plasma steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small plasma thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small radiothermal.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small regenerator.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small shield.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/small thermionic.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/stack core.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/supercapacitor.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny atomic steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny atomic thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny battery.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny fuel cell.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny ion steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny ion thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny plasma steering.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny plasma thruster.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/tiny shield.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/torpedo launcher.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/torpedo.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/typhoon launcher.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/typhoon.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/unknown.png
share/endless-sky/images/outfit/water cooling.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/
share/endless-sky/images/planet/callisto.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/cloud8.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert10.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert8.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/desert9.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/dust7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/earth.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/europa.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/fog0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/forest6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ganymede.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas10.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas11.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas12.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas13.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas14.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas15.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas16.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas17.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas8.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/gas9.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ice8.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/io.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/jupiter.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/lava7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/luna.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/mars.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/mercury.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/miranda.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/neptune.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/oberon.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean8.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ocean9.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rhea.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ringworld left.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ringworld right.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/ringworld.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock10.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock11.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock12.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock13.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock14.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock15.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock16.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock17.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock18.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock19.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock7.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock8.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/rock9.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station2.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station3.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station4.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station5.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/station6.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/tethys.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/titan.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/uranus.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/venus.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/water0.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/water1.png
share/endless-sky/images/planet/wormhole.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x electron+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x electron+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x electron+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x heavy laser+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x heavy laser+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x laser+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/2x laser+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/banisher~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/banisher~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/banisher~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/blaster+.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/electron+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/electron+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/electron+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/fire-lance+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/fire-lance+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/fire-lance+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/fire-lance+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/flamethrower+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/flamethrower+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/flamethrower+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/flamethrower+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~00.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~01.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~02.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~03.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~04.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~05.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~06.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~07.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~08.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~09.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/grab-strike~10.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/heavy laser+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/heavy laser+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/ion bolt~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/ion bolt~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/ion bolt~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/ion bolt~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/javelin.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/laser+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/laser+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/lightning+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/lightning+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/lightning+2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/lightning+3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/lightning+4.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/lightning+5.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/meteor-0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/meteor-1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/missile-0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/missile-1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/mod blaster+.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/particle beam+.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/plasma~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/proton fragment+0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/proton fragment+1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/proton+.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/pulse~.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rainbow~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rainbow~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rainbow~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rainbow~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rainbow~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rainbow~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rocket-0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/rocket-1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~4.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~5.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~6.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/seeker~7.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/sidewinder-0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/sidewinder-1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/skylance+.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/torpedo~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/torpedo~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/torpedo~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/torpedo~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/tracker-0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/tracker-1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/tracker-2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/tracker-3.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/typhoon~0.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/typhoon~1.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/typhoon~2.png
share/endless-sky/images/projectile/typhoon~3.png
share/endless-sky/images/scene/
share/endless-sky/images/scene/army0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/engine.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/engine2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/lobby.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc0.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc1.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc2.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc3.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc4.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc5.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc6.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc7.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc8.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/scene/loc9.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/ship/
share/endless-sky/images/ship/aerie.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/argosy.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/arrow.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/bactrian.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/bastion.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/behemoth.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/berserker.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/blackbird.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/bounder.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/bulk freighter.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/carrier.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/chaser.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/clipper.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/cloaked.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/combat drone.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/corvette.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/cruiser.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/dagger.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/dreadnought.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/falcon.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/firebird.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/flivver.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/freighter.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/frigate.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/fury.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/gunboat.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hai aphid.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hai lightning bug.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hai shield beetle.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hai water bug.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hallucination-0.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hallucination-1.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hauler i.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hauler ii.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hauler iii.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/hawk.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/heavy shuttle.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/kestrel.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/lance.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/leviathan.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/manta.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/mule.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/osprey.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/protector.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/pug enfolta.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/pug maboro.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/pug zibruka.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/quicksilver.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/raider.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/rainmaker.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/raven.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/scout.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/shuttle.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/skylark.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/sparrow.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/splinter.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/star barge.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/star queen.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/surveillance drone.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/wardragon.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/wasp.png
share/endless-sky/images/ship/world-ship a.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/
share/endless-sky/images/star/a0.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/a5.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/b5.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/f0.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/f5.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/g0.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/g5.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/k0.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/k5.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/m0.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/m4.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/m8.png
share/endless-sky/images/star/wr.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/
share/endless-sky/images/ui/ammo selected.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/ammo unselected.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/boarding dialog.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/bottom edge.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/description panel.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/dialog bottom.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/dialog cancel.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/dialog middle.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/dialog top.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/four info buttons.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/galaxy.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/ui/hail panel.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/icon selected.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/icon unselected.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/info panel.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/keys panel.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/left edge.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/map planet.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/map system.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/map trade.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/mission.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/navigation.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/orbits.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/outfitter selected+.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/outfitter unselected+.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/planet dialog button.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/planet dialog.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/player tab.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/pleiades.jpg
share/endless-sky/images/ui/radar.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/right edge.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/selected system.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/ship tab.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/shipyard selected+.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/shipyard unselected+.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/status.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/target.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/two info buttons.png
share/endless-sky/images/ui/wide button.png
share/endless-sky/keys.txt
share/endless-sky/sounds/
share/endless-sky/sounds/anti-missile.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/big_explosion.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/blaster.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/heavy_anti-missile.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/heavy_laser~.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/huge_explosion.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/hyperspace.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/ion_drive~.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/javelin.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/jump_drive.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/laser~.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/medium_explosion.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/meteor.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/mod_blaster.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/particle.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/plasma.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/plasma_drive~.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/rocket.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/sidewinder.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/siren.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/small_explosion.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/tiny_explosion.wav
share/endless-sky/sounds/torpedo.wav
share/icons/
share/icons/hicolor/
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/endless-sky.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/endless-sky.png
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/endless-sky.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/endless-sky.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/endless-sky.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/endless-sky.png
@exec %D/bin/update-desktop-database
@unexec-delete %D/bin/update-desktop-database
